Add do_intersect for convex hulls (#6557)
CGAL/cgal: Convex_hull_3/doc/Convex_hull_3/PackageDescription.txt

\cgalPkgPicture{Convex_hull_3/fig/bunny.png}
\cgalPkgSummaryBegin
\cgalPkgAuthors{Susan Hert and Stefan Schirra}

> \cgalPkgDesc{This package provides functions  for computing convex hulls in three dimensions as well as functions for checking if sets of points are strongly convex or not or checking if two convex do intersect. One can compute the convex hull of a set of points in three dimensions in two ways: using a static algorithm or using a triangulation to get a fully dynamic computation.}

Author: 3 ways then with the new data structure?

\cgal provides functions for computing convex hulls in two, three
and arbitrary dimensions as well as functions for testing if a given set of

> points in is strongly convex or not or checking if two convex do intersect.  This chapter describes the functions

Author: ```suggestion
points in is strongly convex or not, and checking if two convex hulls intersect.  This chapter describes the functions
```

Author: what about separation distance?
